# Digital Scholarship Portfolio: Yankeer Xu


Welcome to my online portfolio for IASC 2P02!

## Interactive Study Guide

Explore my Interavtive Study Guide [here](InteractiveStudyGuide.html).


## Interactive Genealogy

Explore my Interactive Genealogy [[here]](2P02_Interactive Geneaology.html).


# Speculative Fiction
## [What if hardware technology does not exist in 2015]
In the age of accelerated growth of 5G, people just need to get their smartphones on their way, and they can hang out with friends. Money is saved in their card or electronic banking. Friends no longer need to contact letters, send the message on the phone, and easily talk with each other. Everything seems right on the train, but there is a lack of a portable machine which can be carried to work. In the early times, "computers" were individuals who did abstract equations, basically mathematicians and accountants. To be accurate, the first commercially portable laptop is the IBM 5100. While it came with a convenient travel bag, winning the "portable" tag, it weighed 23 kg, so people cannot carry it around all day! After several years, no significant progress has been made by scientists. Apple has just released a new product smaller than the IBM 5100, but it is still hard to carry with us. People do have too many expectations on the laptops because they have iPad, although the iPad has smaller memories. Smartphones are used in many different roles, and in one community, we see that they are used from primary function as a torchlight to more complicated parts such as fishermen using them for advertisement and weather forecasts. iPad has larger surfaces than smartphones, and it is easier to carry it with us daily. The Apple also invents an apple pencil, which can be written on the touchscreen. Electronic devices will soon replace the use of paper writing. But iPad always has a lot of inconveniences in use, especially for many people who need to work, iPad can indeed be connected to the keyboard, people can also take them on the road at any time, but the memory of iPad is always not enough to bear a lot of Large-capacity and large files, because iPad can’t do everything. For example, after shooting scenes, we always need to edit episodes and add special effects, including sound synthesis, but the computer always takes much longer time to run programs and processing. Movies are released very slowly. One film is released once a month and sometimes even two months. The price of ticket is often charged high. If you encounter an excellent word of mouth, a ticket may go even Up to 1000usd, because the production cost is high, and not everyone affords to pay, these tickets are sold to those influential people for fun. Not everyone is interested in movies. Mobile phones have always been people's right partners. Short videos are an exciting way of expression, but the quality is not incredibly high definition because it is edited with mobile phones. Music has always been another form of expression, but many people love music and cannot make and create their music by themselves. The significant factor is defective equipment. To edit music requires efficient processors, so production Music is the same luxury as making movies. If you can make a viral song, the publisher may hire the producer for a lot of money because the equipment is limited. The world's largest electronic leather company is Apple because Apple is the only electronic product manufacturer with its own company and the only entrepreneur who makes computers. Many people are more willing to believe in a company with multiple technologies, the iPad. It is also produced by Apple, including touch screen pens. Apple is very popular in the market, but the replacement cycle of the iPhone is very long. If it is to be updated, the product's internal hardware must be replaced and debugged, which is even more impossible with current technology.

## Micro Essay
Hardware technology is vital to all electronic devices. Products are no longer new if the hardware does not update. Manufacturers are like everyone else in many cases. If they can’t make new products, no electronic product company will be corporate with them. The spread of media depends on replacing the old hardware-based on old media to create new media. In my story, zombie media addresses the living deads of media culture. If there is no new-type technology developed, a discarded piece of media technology is never just dumped, and the media will no longer stretch its comfort zone and create new stuff. “Old and new at times become indistinct. ” Media may vanish in a familiar context, but it never dies: it decays, reforms, remixes, and is reinterpreted and compiled. It persists in the soil and air as a trace, as a dead concrete medium, or artistic methods of mending depict it. Media archaeology is an imaging technique that is part of appropriation, collage, and remixing artifacts and archives. Media archaeology has been useful in digging out dead media histories, forgotten theories, sidekicks, and little narratives. Still, now it is time to evolve it from a textual approach to a material technique that considers the political economy of co-operation.

## Interactive Timeline
